hello I'm no offense for inside Yale
athletics sponsored by Under Armour
we're at the pool where it's not
uncommon to find all American swimmer K
he o go he's not the biggest or the
strongest guy in the pool but he
certainly is the hardest worker it's
winter break for the Yale swim team
workouts are optional but there's no
break for K he o go in his world letting
up is never an option I've been coaching
for 26 years and everyone smile I run
across someone that just about works
everyone and K is just that kind of kind
of athlete everything he does is all out
I believe that every small yards are
every single minute in the pool counts
and it's accumulation of all that that
really leads to a great groundbreaking
performance or something about
performance I can real truly be
satisfied
that is a need chippie chippie theo go
own six school records is an
all-american and an Ivy League champ in
the 500 freestyle 1,400 individual
medley and the mind from yeah okay he'll
go it's a such a beautiful sport in the
sense that like it's such a balance of
mental and physical aspects of human
body whatever you don't have you can
compensate for by the other and some may
say yoga lacks in the physical gift I'm
not the strongest nor the tallest guy in
the pool but again that's not what
Sports is about I think sports if I had
to put it like in a very simple way it's
probably 50% physical and the other 50%
is mental the fact that you can actually
put in the hard work and not you know
yield to pain that sort of thing is also
telling itself and I think that's
something that I have to a certain
extent and that's something I'm proud of
yoga credits his parents for teaching
him there's only one way to attack
challenges whether it's in the pool or
anywhere else
he also says his work ethic and ability
to endure strenuous workouts may be a
product of his Japanese vault
and what he calls the samurais spirit
what sets them apart from the from the
rest though is they're just their work
ethic their ability ability to put their
head down and just go through pain it's
why his workouts are always more
difficult than the rest of the team we
have to modify our distance program in
order to get him to get a challenge if
they're doing hundreds on a minute
make his on fifty five and it makes it a
whole lot harder so there's always
little tweaks the case practice there's
the regular distance practice and then
there's a little asterisk where K's
involved it's not an unreasonable goal
to shoot for the Olympics I guess which
could create a dilemma the yoga has
already been offered a good job at a
financial firm in Tokyo thanks to his
impressive work during his recent
internship but he's also been in touch
with the Japanese national swim team
coach is about a spot on the team he
wouldn't be able to accept both
positions it's been a struggle to sort
of make a hard decision on that and it's
something it's a decision I still
haven't made and he won't make a
decision until the season ends until
then he says he'll continue to outwork
his competition set an example for his
younger teammates and improve on times
that are already the fastest in Yale
swimming history
when it comes down to it it's really the
will or the want you know it's the it
factor and he has it so don't look at
size just know that he's coming and he's
never gonna quit